# Update
Mar 14, 2025

## Good morning, afternoon, or evening to you. 

This is me checking in with the world wide web and offering some updates! I meant to be blogging like crazy and uploading CTF walk throughs and what not, but then I got a job (damnit!)

Just kidding, it's the greatest job ever. I get paid to hack things FOR REAL! And I couldn't be more excited. BUT, it does take up 40+ hours of my week, and after 40+ hours of reading straight up hex code and pixels and bashing my head against my desk (right between the halves of my moonlander) it's pretty hard to sit down in front of a computer after I clock out.

## Why does it take you 40+ hours? I thought you were 31337?!
No, I'm still a huge noob. So, even though I can rightfully claim that I've totally pwned some nerds, one pen-test still takes me probably about 1.2 - 1.5x longer than my seniors. That's just how it goes! 

## So anyway
I'm slowly getting faster at my job and actually starting to feel like I have what it takes. Would you like to see a list of my accomplishments? No? Well too bad because my senpai told me I should keep track of them so I can show them off to my manager (and get raises and stuff). So, check it out (my favorite exploits so far):

1. Totally tricked 48 people into clicking a phishing link and visiting my credential-harvester
2. Won a $100 bounty from my boss for a click jacking attack
3. Unauthenticated complete user account-takeover
4. Bypassed MFA for a SSO service by capturing creds via a nice phish

Those are the big ones so far, and they've all been within the last month or two (except #1, that was Q4). I've been pen-testing for about 6 months now and it's crazy how much I've learned. I'm very grateful that I get to sit here all day and just hack real companies; nothing could be better.

## But that's about it for now
... still a pretty big noob but my progress has accelerated immensely! Right now I'm doing a big Remote Social Engineering (RSE) engagement for a large company. 76 total voice phishing calls in scope. On top of that I'm studying OSCP and recently I've even been mentoring an intern (which is so fun, I love it).

Outside of work I've been doing Jiu Jitsu, running, Muay Thai and learning Japanese (which I think is just me trying to escape living in the U.S. right now lmao). These things have made it bearable to sit at a computer for 40+ hours a week (really it's the sitting and staring at a screen that gets old, not the hacking). 

Once I'm less of a noob and hacking at the same rate as the rest of them, my schedule will open up a bit and I can get back to blogging, Twitch, and maybe even YouTube!

## Until then
I miss hanging with all of you and I hope you're out there grinding. Remember the tenants of the Trash Heap (I just made this term up) - it's fine to be a noob, it's fine to not know things, as long as you're persistent and eager to find out the answers!
